DroneCAN branding rename (#1994)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/dronecan/README.md

Supported hardware includes (this is not an exhaustive list):

- [ESC/Motor controllers](../dronecan/escs.md)
- Airspeed sensors
  - [Thiemar airspeed sensor](https://github.com/thiemar/airspeed)
- GNSS receivers for GPS and GLONASS
  - [ARK GPS](../dronecan/ark_gps.md)
  - [ARK RTK GPS](../dronecan/ark_rtk_gps.md)
  - [CubePilot Here3](https://www.cubepilot.org/#/here/here3)
  - [Zubax GNSS](https://zubax.com/products/gnss_2)
  - [CUAV NEO v2 Pro GNSS](https://doc.cuav.net/gps/neo-series-gnss/en/neo-v2-pro.html)
  - [CUAV NEO 3 Pro GNSS](https://doc.cuav.net/gps/neo-series-gnss/en/neo-v2-pro.html)
  - [CUAV C-RTK2 PPK/RTK GNSS](../gps_compass/rtk_gps_cuav_c-rtk2.md)
- Power monitors
  - [Pomegranate Systems Power Module](../dronecan/pomegranate_systems_pm.md)
  - [CUAV CAN PMU Power Module](../dronecan/cuav_can_pmu.md)
- Distance sensors
  - [ARK Flow](ark_flow.md)
  - [Avionics Anonymous Laser Altimeter UAVCAN Interface](../dronecan/avanon_laser_interface.md)
- Optical Flow
  - [Ark Flow](ark_flow.md)
- Generic CAN Node (enables use of I2C, SPI, UART sensors on the CAN bus).
  - [ARK CANnode](../dronecan/ark_cannode.md)

## Hardware Setup

> DroneCAN operates over CAN. Refer to the [CAN setup documentation](../can/README.md) before continuing with this article.

Reviewer: Probably best to make the link go to the specific wiring section. Also updating text to my taste.

```suggestion
DroneCAN operates over a CAN network.
DroneCAN hardware should be connected as described in [CAN > Wiring](../can/README.md#wiring).
```

# DroneCAN

[DroneCAN](https://dronecan.github.io/) is a open software communication protocol for flight controllers and other [CAN](../can/README.md) devices on a vehicle to communicate with each other.

:::note
PX4 requires an SD card to enable dynamic node allocation and for firmware update.
The SD card is not used in flight.
:::

:::note
DroneCAN was previously known as UAVCAN v0 (or just UAVCAN).
The name was changed in 2022.
:::

> ## Benefits of DroneCAN

Reviewer: @coderkalyan FYI only, I pulled the "benefits" out of the heading above and made them a section with its own list. I wasn't entirely sure of this, but it does make things easier to read, and means that if we want to say in other places "CAN has many benefits" we have a good place to link.

Author: Sure, sounds good.

# DroneCAN

From the DroneCAN website:

> DroneCAN is the primary CAN protocol used by the ArduPilot and PX4 projects for communication with CAN peripherals.

> > It is an open protocol with open communication, specification and multiple open implementations.

Reviewer: Let's just link to the website. I'll capture the essentials
